Stream: docs for stream-media-id support (#367)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/stream/src/content/uploading-videos/upload-video-file.md

</Definitions>

> ### Getting the video id when using tus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Getting the video ID when using TUS
```

> When you make the initial tus request, it responds with a tokenized URL in the location header. However, while the tokenized URL may contain the video id, this is not guaranteed behavior. We do not recommend parsing the tokenized URL to get the video id.

Reviewer 2: We're not consistent about it elsewhere in the docs but you may want to capitalize `ID` in `video id`; that also applies to the next line.

Reviewer: same with video id vs media I'd

> When you make the initial tus request, it responds with a tokenized URL in the location header. However, while the tokenized URL may contain the video id, this is not guaranteed behavior. We do not recommend parsing the tokenized URL to get the video id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an initial TUS request is made, Stream responds with a URL in the location header. While this URL may contain the video ID, it is not recommend to parse this URL to get the ID.
```

> Instead, Stream returns a custom header named `Stream-Media-ID` which contains the video id. You should develop your application so it reads the `Stream-Media-ID` property in the response headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, the `Stream-Media-ID` HTTP header in the first TUS response should be used to retrieve the video ID.
```

> **Here's a sample response header which shows the stream-media-id property:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Example>
```

```
location: https://upload.videodelivery.net/tus/cab807e0c477d01baq20f66c3d1dfc26cf
...
stream-media-id: cab807e0c477d01baq20f66c3d1dfc26cf
tus-resumable: 1.0.0
x-content-type-options: nosniff
x-envoy-upstream-service-time: 260
server: cloudflare
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</Example>
```
